Documentation for the OpenScanHub (#929)
packit/packit.dev: docs/configuration/index.md

We will be happy for any feedback regarding it, [please contact us](https://github.com/packit/packit/discussions/2371)!
:::

#### csmock_args

> (*string*) An option to set arguments of `csmock` (the tool used inside [OpenScanHub](https://openscanhub.fedoraproject.org/)). E.g., you can specify `--cppcheck-add-flag=--enable=style` to check styling issues as seen in [this example run](https://openscanhub.fedoraproject.org/task/9993/) triggered on Avahi with [this pull request change](https://github.com/avahi/avahi/pull/635) being reverted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(*string*) An option to set arguments of `csmock` (the tool used inside [OpenScanHub](https://openscanhub.fedoraproject.org/)). For instance, you can specify arguments like `--cppcheck-add-flag=--enable=style` to check styling issues as seen in [this example run](https://openscanhub.fedoraproject.org/task/9993/) triggered on Avahi with [this pull request change](https://github.com/avahi/avahi/pull/635) being reverted.
```

and maybe it is just me, but the wording of the last part is not very clear to me

Reviewer 2: You may use this test pull request as an example: https://github.com/avahi/avahi/pull/641

Author: @lbarcziova Situ wants to make clear this is not an existing problem of Avahi that we want to blame...;)

Reviewer 2: @lachmanfrantisek That comment was directed towards you to use that pull request as an example, instead of mentioning the revert.

Author: (Suggestion applied to both places..)

> (*string*) An option to set arguments of `csmock` (the tool used inside [OpenScanHub](https://openscanhub.fedoraproject.org/)). For instance, you can specify arguments like `--cppcheck-add-flag=--enable=style` to check styling issues as seen in [this example run](https://openscanhub.fedoraproject.org/task/9993/) triggered on Avahi with [this pull request change](https://github.com/avahi/avahi/pull/635) being reverted.

Reviewer 2: Why not directly mention the pull request (https://github.com/avahi/avahi/pull/641) before referencing the OpenScanHub task?

Author: I'll update it. (I've written this before you've created that one.;-)

Author: Added. I hope it's clear now.
